On entering the game
First you'll see a novice guide
A general introduction to the game procedure
Next there is the Main Scene of game
By scanning the marker
You'll see the main character of game
who we call "Inverse Phantom" (in the settings she grows in a counter-chronological manner)
(Enter the player's name)
On the bottom, there are buttons with which players can manipulate the emotional expression of the character
When you tap the phantom you can chat with her
and get to know her stories ("Clues") to drive the game forward
Sometimes in the dialog you feedback with your own words
(meaning in other time you do so by clicking on)
While chatting with the phantom your energy gets consumed
When it expires you replenish by pushing 3rd button on the left
To enter a mini-game to feed your phantom
First you select points & scan marker
On the magic totem it shows points selected just then
By shooting them at certain accuracy you'll gain energy
The mini-game can be played 24 times a day
The record is updated everyday at 24.00
Note that the points selected will appear different from those unselected
When all points on a screen is all selected more than once, it shows a hint for the inference game (explained later)
(...now we are playing hard for the hint)
When the hint pattern is shown, there also appears an arrow button on the left to access the detail
Since now the energy is replenished you can continue the dialog
There are 5 levels in game, you obtain a fixed number of clues in a level
When all clues are gathered in a level there pops up a reminder. It is time to enter the Inference Scene
to "pair" the clues
Select a single clue to see the detailed story
By selecting a few and push "Finish", the pairing is done & a new clue is generated
When all the possible pairings are done in a level, you'll enter the transition animation
Push "Return" to return Main Scene
Once again you can continue the dialog with our heroin to gain clues for the new level
The novice guide is always accessible on the top left of screen
in case you forget about the gameplay
After passing several levels the character will grow down to a younger age
the interaction is just similar